hi good night thursday twentieth august 19 hours brasilia here it is
elisângela our interpreter of pounds is that jorge centro takes that piece o
jorge will have a very quick participation here after some there of course the
rosary wagner who walk smooth controllership-general of the union recording of
corruption in brazil as we are fighting corruption right then
quickly here first news of the uol uol sheet so support soon i will pass
the material inside here is here everyone interprets well understand here is that
i china recommends the use of chromium here in the current account of death and from there until
now let's take all the meat is the leaf the leaf uol and china the measure here
below that his national health commission rejects hydroxychloroquine there from
same bag to meet the side effects than the
proves that in itself but it's here anyway our pro machine here now
arrived in china which is only going to see now here that what the mainstream media there the
cool joanol 280 she'll talk about it here or she won't say anything you think
talking things i think i'm sure i won't say anything else i
I repeat here I took about 10 minutes I took several I also took this building
here look and it has been downloaded hospital uti a lot
based on the day of news the noise here took this one as a medical recommendation
I'll let it go will be free soon after Jorge be three sugar make debut
against young transmitter plant fishing and enchant her young as now a
hug to him and with futures is maria vitor brauer guilherme fiúza take what
that has changed, right by a decree at the top until the debate on fish president only
signed a led decree 4 6 8 that brings a lot of advantage to the fisherman
one of them is the issue of landing taxes that were not previously
empowered by the ministry of agriculture ie now the fishermen
have the place to unload their fish without having problems with the quality of that
fished this was regulated text difficulty
and him to sell after this fish if he didn’t have this regulation he
had difficulty could not sell with his invoice had a problem
it's hard to produce anything brazil the lives in the old town are up to you
improving the second issue in that month of the president decree is the issue of
gutting on board what he will be are now the fisherman on the high seas he
you can clean the fish you can take your eyes off you can take your head off and when that
fish reach the Brazilian consumer it will be much closer
including already widely used in all countries of the world and Brazil
remain open open evisceration is prohibited so the staff of the
ball to hear resting to treat the leg it will be cleaning
good morning for the fish stuff it with ice and can play is straight on whatsapp
no problem ok noon hitting replacements maybe to feed the
praise exactly and lastly that same president decree regulates the
use of pieces of fish what about the name of jesus the fish already
hooked on the high seas well the shark seeing bigger fish and dies of it caught and the
fisherman bring this fish as it was partially remodeled to
previous legislation required that this fish be discarded so now with
due is sanitary treatment you can use part of pedaling fish
unbelievable we are forgiving needing since modernization in life who wants
produce and here Brazil leaves the situation room
you find it is comfortable in April it is difficult to reproduce something
brazil hello water so i said we added it now in july and this
present aquaculture is celebrating because after this sanction from the lord
of that law 14,000 zero eleven is the water assignment procedures than
what waters in the union captain those water bodies sea federal rivers and we
we can give the possibility for fish farmers to cultivate in a net-tank a
fish to be able to produce fish and anti it is before this law that its
worked it took up to 24 months for us from the close secretariat to be able to give this
document for him to have legality in production if his eyes see 24 months
up to 36 months and now with this is we won because the bidding is over now
it is a direct session so if the bolsonaro files a lawsuit I give in to the
bolsonaro before bolsonaro if you already had to open a bid
to see if I was interested in the area, it’s complicated a lot and now we
we gained 12 months and have time to be from that area to the farmer and through
normative instruction 19 that we publish now the thirteenth is duly
cleared by our fish farmers at the height of producers all over the world
brazil despite the big ones will try after wagner rosário das egeo and you
stay open, ask a question for both of them, ok, will you know that weight is worth
to answer him he comes back here here let's go try it with a zipper
I haven't found it yet and the price here is now mullet still don't stop ok
good that creates worked how is it that the cynic tou here is just this here comes from
water the federal university of pará speaks to
people stay so we have a fishing engineer named kleber santos and his
advisor doctor mileide morais who developed a canning is natural
through the tucupi fruit that is well known in several states
Brazilians dispense with the use of chemical products dispense with the use of
of preservative because the tucupi through its acidity it already gives a longevity
for fish that is used in preserves so we want to congratulate and
recognize this work there is from the fish technology laboratory of
university of pará and we want to leave a big hug and congratulate you on
a big hug deserves someone who
Brazilian has a very fertile head, right and does things that we doubt
logically what is developed there that facilitates
so the old gate the text case is going is that the shrimp now see how
is roasted ok we’re going to want to attract or shrimp that I need that’s just a
hug thank you can leave here now a little bit earlier question
what comes to the step of the young pan radio more people good news here look
inss ask for proof of life by facial recognition on cell phone no
we know of the difficulty of making the expression life test one of the most
elderly the displacement it has to be an ambulance quite complicated
after taking is aware that the elderly he is is the suspended attention his
salad bowl life its weight.what now in this one
I'm doing facial recognition to start doing it to do the proof of
life anything you to schedule security and with the wife not yet
I passed security is not released and the wagner gives more agility in the process
then talk about corruption here only he intercalating right recreational he here is
because in Brazil since the news there in the press always right to enjoy it here
talk to you use the we know the defense last week i told you guys right i
I replied and you will take a line I saw
some the other put the drilling position here
even because I wanted to go until I changed a mess the company ended up allowing
Even Paulo Guedes, the market was nervous of ours, he saw the stock market fell
total confusion until now much of the company doesn’t have I have zeal or
concern with the news with the truth assist the news like that a lie
fake news causes market stability so did not avoid responding
the questions because I know that at the end of the job not
and the games of traditional companies there want the mind and confusion in the game
quick and feel free huh i think the choice of minister of
present the state disbelieving banks here a different criterion from that of
third party nomination helped a lot to fight corruption in brazil avoid
helped a lot to prevent fluorescence from happening here in Brazil ok so the
current government has done something else here maybe this knowledge everybody who
the prevention that sends in here well days some cooking space
let's find a resident doctor the government has been taking many measures of them is that the
yours took over in January 19 right then it's your your first big change I think
that this break and the choice by specific technical criteria of the ministers this
changed the reality a lot but you did it right away in the first
first 60 65d he publisher governments already a standard that brought criteria
what is more expensive we have 84 1470 positions in the federal public administration
all of them freely appointed that you for the first time in history
innovated and created rules for the occupation of these positions rules with criteria of
more moral area of ​​their general criteria of duality of these people and also
minimum technical criteria rules for these people will be able to buy everything
that obviously directly influenced corruption on the day we take 20 months
be the case of the body, I only fight because we have a previous filter that
come from anybody up the stairs and let's go has made a huge difference
in that time your signed a decree with preservation of whistleblowers identity
allowing people to report corruption cases and not have their
leaked names right and putting the visa these people and risks you synonymous
important is normative along with aggeo ending the secrecy of public banks
banks formerly lent the money nobody knew hitting lent
partner money is a similar deluxe took binding
adoption intending to open this data April aid payment data
emergency so raining increasing the transparent by all measures comes
contributing for the federal government today to reach an interesting mark that
is the not to be of corruption of the present government is the presence interests for
nice people the corrupt at the end of the line we’re interested in preventing him from practicing
production they divert public resources so so to a feeling many
athletic so public times there is only combat so you see squeeze be
more knocking on the door with someone yes this promotions keep happening and
g1 control
okay for sure that we only during this period of knowing from 19 to
each and there were 111 joint operations with the federal police as a form with the
general controllership of the union but only talking is preventive I will call
attention to listen to a folded fabric stitches comes to work is the government has
implementing the integrity program in all agencies are programs that
seek to detect prevent and identify corruption risks and edit that this
way that these risks are realized all this work for us we are already
with management units finish ninety-eight percent of the organs of the
federal public administration 85 always has an action plan and even the
beginning of December in the week of fighting corruption within the will catch on without
percent of the government with the plans working this is a legacy you leave it will
help combat mission both in the problem you against the future
corruption also our government has been cleaning up, you know, a good job in
Regarding the seizure of drugs and armaments from May to now, I am not the PRF
a piece tripled drug seizure and it's a cocaine tank leaf picked up the
good armament so obviously it is we have
disseminate on social networks and we are proud of the work of these two institutions that
at the end of the line, it gives a feeling that we are
similarly avoiding which drugs within Brazil that breastfeed these
it is very porous ours yes our coast the 10 countries put in the mass of life in
ten countries a puddle of 8,500 km of 200 really quite will complete its most
We are working a lot on this type, right? I see the federal highway police
federal police officer he feels proud of work
and as I am very from May to here and I will continue to do the work we
including at the request of the other director general of the federal police
ovolando alexandre we talked to the beginning
we need to talk to paulo guedes and it was authorized until an opening of
contest there are two thousand federal police officers it is for sure the prf will also have
open competition there so soon for so that your pictures that maria if
fulfilling right with your duty is not only regarding his pressure to Christ and how
in the control in the awards also in the lyrics also does one thing the thing so
anti-corruption how do you work on the wives we have
always approximately 180 thousand school brazil 15 million and the teeth that that
you have done in this area come president we are we are with us talk
of integrity I am of intervention within the government we are following the
guidelines of the cd was we are also talking about the integrity of the door
out of the vehicle so we have today is to be like yours spoke about 180
thousand schools and we are with and from the 1st to the 5th year this material will
15 million students die, people come in with him already, but due to
pandemics these classes are not happening so we're going to start to
work harder with this 2021 passing on notions of ethics and citizenship of
respect to public equity so a contribution to the future generation I
I'm sure that soon we are young people more aware of what is the
public resource of the value that is the payment of taxes and application of
every resource from the government and the i'm sure we'll be able to do
with that the federal government has a polishing age that corruption exists
but that society as a whole changes and that the country's structure is
on the plane always looking like a return to education dies it gets more or less
that's another partnership with instituto maurício de sousa and in a playful way
using the group of monica then one ear two cards see the film the
yours also lets you pass it to me that i will show here and next week
and shows around who shows the first
thursday of the 1st that is right the table ready you spoke mind working right
it's not destroyed because writing the class exactly we already met next week
with minister milton to see if we can put all the
pnld portfolios and our flakes will arrive let's see how it looks it has
to talk to wilson and what is his suggestion to return to
classes come here i will do brazilian academic if you did it right that
of the thing is the naval school has not stopped its advantages is to continue has a problem
it's not right you guys so here I had this week last week in the region
jehovah's law hi people will inaugurate something
another feels the population and we go there to inaugurate on the radar
this radar is of interest to us going to the bar is placed for one yesterday more
two to be installed after reason another agreed point so that will
the entire border with paraguay and bolivia will be, right now, it's on the radar
he is aided by another in the radar network, he takes up to 150 km, so these planes
that bring a list from outside, it’s good to be plotted and to wish the visionary radar
and who was the radio that has how many you don't have here according to the
information there they participate here that one there it comes to be intercepted
so the strength she Brazil is to be congratulated I'm dating do not fight there half of
side in brazil create a table also when i liked the word i started to
suffering Christ Pantanal is on fire it's true it will be nice there even in
much higher proportions were in the past is only critical and wants an action
well it’s to put out the boot’s fire so come on guys it was covered here
wetland size 150 thousand kilometers gives
lunch is equivalent to losing quickly right, he 150,000 than ours
square is 94 state together I placed rio de janeiro sergipe rio grande do
north alagoas so you can imagine the difficulty you fought the fire in this
area in that area logically the strength it was there you the other means ibama
there were the state brigades and some municipalities as well but it is an area of
man of man I talked to ricardo states now little right market
another because the difficulty the legend of for huge ok is forbidden you
it started to be forbidden to raise the free cattle right then the cattle just because they lived passing
create a large quantity that is worth the way always goes brigadeiro is all the
party here on the committee here in certain areas year after loves like
clean cover there dry and lifeless and when there is the fire that now
it's above average temperature above 40 degrees so there is spontaneous combustion
when it catches fire it goes away even more, right according to geological issues
the use of preventive use of fire is prohibited, you have already had your
image of ibama's car burning fire on the track i'll do it justice when i saw it
that scared me will have to see if I called was to cause that that is this is a
controlled way to combat I brought that if you wait for the fire to be asked,
he comes she doesn’t have to represent you as a preventative
much bigger so because of that an ideological issue calling for fire
preventive the other side happens brings us a proportion is very good then that
he hangs from ibama who has been thinking about his whole life playing fornazza pizzeria
it is exactly to avoid a greater evil in the future here to end today it did not come and
poisonous snake the guy who throws the jacket you want I already did here is the people
native of the region who usually makes their gardens as a result of this is also the guy who
makes a silo on the fence he usually dries out the maximum of the drought and touches fire
little has one has a day will catch on fire when you catch it and do not reach to be
until everyone dies early and there is also a lot of pressure for them to
do not use fire retardant so aircraft when pouring pure water
it was quickly it now when it comes with retardant it takes longer than second
ricardo soares huh i'm not a stone mediated delaying access is tantamount to
50,000 liters play rectangle and do what you can but you who are the well
will continue to put the blame on me the fire in the amazon the fire in the wetland
but let's touch the boat it's like I never caught fire in this region and then
a Spanish thing this period of the same this period of the year I have a
complicated to work again at a temperature above 40 degrees nothing
makes it much easier while even understanding a bottle thrown there and the culture of
champagne ask for a lens for anything can happen letter
it's true brazil i didn't have a shaman in rio de janeiro from two places we visited
a lita belt school is but I didn’t accept the classics of the to
long until the end of 2002 that a symbol is of quality where it comes in here
discipline and you who did that like I give gives
to put in the classroom as it is impossible and to curl up their own
colleagues at the beginning I cut this expelled is expelled right
I happen, it happens, it is common to happen for four years or two
colleagues be pasting time and so it will expel the days off turned on and
turned off the gym because that one of us accompanies you all your life
functional identity that hole she and even the colleague himself ended up showing
by chance that boy there she seeing a girl does not stick here then
antenna here to have discipline and then you go forward the wagner who
they gym she example i also did close to him and after that i'm a
function is already be one will be from another kitten for how many candidates were
sixty and you
the kissed lobster saw what is the higher education and I answer you
145 thousand tec thank you contest for academy also sin and when i did
and with 38 vacancies, 40 thousand candidates, that's fine, everybody is that if I'm not
smart we are not intelligence everybody strives to achieve the goal
sky team also aracaju inaugurating a gas thermoelectric plant
deserves the gas bet there from this one for him is
what matters and oil there is in the past this well injected guys
and not in the exchange and down there in the burned part okay
now not from that support of dawn native governor of Sergipe
hi paulo everything well treated said everything that happened in the state the person of your
mind he is naughty right and it was a good street going there and there you do this
thermoelectric plant it manages to supply fifteen percent of that of the northeast region
fifth and northeast others saw for certainty
the appendix is ​​this one this one until the snot now has 16 million people to stop
16 million work through the bag neighborhood
and then my case is talking about is
google is tomorrow you don't work here again pedro already made some now
wow this now not tomorrow i'm going to start my business or less this today was a
series of things so let's watch it i don't want you to p
and that takes the people and our brother out of the northeast of the sea in a
total dependence on water tankers of people who sometimes use this one
in this situation hi people will be invested is in this region
changes the works of that region we are dating is not it was not in the started there
back to back to anyone that face use of anybody's work but was always
finished decades are often finishing works which is cheaper for
not like that and serves the population here too
and so I and them
and it wasn’t possible over time it’s a water here where we are it’s over there in the water
will find it ended here which is just to make a comment about this one
I think this is the other important point regarding the level of integrity of the
cinema that matters little if the work started in that government interests there in
citizen's door and it will be delivered within that plan that we
regarding the previous whatsapp plans was said by the 85 thousand people
live is not ending here in the protein like that but one thing that stays
open there ask him then work the question that focus on brazil 12 thousand
kilos and 85 thousand times youtube is our class sun so you saw but
also on facebook our 30 thousand when the farm ends
pan and hello my comments i promise this
at the head of the 8 o'clock to give time there now i'm going to augusto nunes to maria
rita the degree and who uses to make comments is
good so people from the culture plague go back there honoring the size you
will enter the trip very clear jorge will give us tomorrow from the north and will
have a little tired of the piece there we go dangerous but it is more working on win
what's up
and there and there
g1
yes, but thanks tomorrow, right, starting with the second question that the
intelligence part we have a strategic information board
within the anti-corruption secretariat as the secretariat created by the
president of the first day of government there strategic data are collected from the
government would be the controls the public resources brave seeks to seek all the
budget area what is being spent we also try to monitor
requests that happen from the government we have today a robot called alice
this one stole it every day he goes there in shoppingnet download the whole program
it has a technology an artificial intelligence part another of
text mining it fetches the keywords analysis and checks these
cases of possible cases of fraud and corruption already for the 4.1 million
hiring in this way, so in the area of ​​intelligence, we have several
jobs is that bo and [ __ ] work on your data and and
try to avoid wasting public resources during the pandemic
specifically from Ze Maria, we’re doing a lot of intense work
right we did a very manual search job in about two hundred and seventy
eight states and municipalities of all public purchases managed to arrive in a
average of the main products that were sold
individual and general protection so we can follow this well
we publish this data to allow managers to buy to make the
in-price purchases have already done more than 20 operations for police
federal government on this issue and to make sure that the work is being delivered to the
society testament escipio always the objective work of course objective will
make the money arrive at the bridge so that society has the best
possible use of public resources all
and then doing your job you know that right
and I also that person who intended and where's the [ __ ] right service is good morning
of the work audience, we also call it being able to go because then
prevention prevention is better to be safe than sorry I had to learn
nobody writes nobody do anything wrong
and there and there
g1
g1 and there
and there and there
and thanks for the question you better read managerial we cross-checked
quite extensive data so much joint work from the controllership also that the
ministry of citizenship dataprev federal savings bank right and we detect it is
really many regularity cases we already have there is practically 117
millions if I am not mistaken and resource that the public coffers have already returned to
people returning this resource that we took about 680 thousand servers
that initially received this resource, the 680 thousand times cable does not
general federal public administration that we did in addition to crossover
federal attention that is the basis that we have we also sought the bases of
states of the municipalities here is a small point
is 680 thousand really received are servers that are part of the bases of
payment of the states and municipalities that we use and the federal government here
we became interns, which is a case that is no longer a server
federal public but is on the basis of payment we identify is scholarship holders
so we are excluding it by cleaning it there to see if it is worthwhile to see this
number of people, right? We have ours at the federal level, which is ours to
performance we are opening the processes we are notifying the servers
servers that have already returned money will make a check with a payment term
conduct adjustment who did not answer will answer for having a
resources are misused now an important point we have servers that
are appearing that their names have been used by fraudsters so we
we have to be very careful to accuse your god for having the number we have
taking everybody that we crossed state, county and union are 680 thousand but
I make a reservation here that this number will drop a lot when we
we made a better filter of this data good thank you kiss per minute scary
despite having some who had their names always used for sure
that most did not control themselves and did not erase brought some and
the fighters here came the last one the last layer and the calcium has no problem
what's up
sometimes you have to have it earlier you have to be a violin here there to send
not one of humanity and then I put lunch I stayed three ok
so I'm saying that we are not and then
and there and there
what's up
and beautiful is we do not have this survey yet i imagine something around
34 million reais with more or less interest is going to come out is an estimate not
has this closed value, I asked until it was born together in that specific area
check all the benefits cut suggestion referrals that we
we did and multiply expose 600 or by 1200 in the case of the mother, right?
monoparental situation those frontier so what she lives alone taking care of
of his children, he got double the amount, so we have to have more
that yet but it is the value that I imagine will come close to those values
I hope that many people that the club had this resource in a non-regular way
vulvas focus to public coffers as has happened to almost 100 thousand more people
100 thousand people plus this estimate that we have now in three and four
million this is how we did it number
exact I give the number to you in August two that gave a replica of the
white hair there and there
and there and there
this is it, I will not make one and then
and then and thank you is the money and returns the
public glasses right and it is available in the single treasury account for the
use there for payments made, right from the events
that will happen in the different areas when it comes to the payment phase of
and then paid when it is due to be paid it is used in relation to the
people we're going to divide the people out there who are going to try all
we are forwarding to ministry everything I do not know if it will be possible
complicated process opening a notion small values ​​but it's really
going to have some kind of action now in relation to public servants we
we are investigating and everyone and then the sphere of attribution to our competence as
beings or is it just to be federal double has no competence to sanction
state and municipal civil servants the two will respond to processes that have already
returned will sign a conduct adjustment term because
sometimes checked for fraud what they had asked for wrongly and already
immediately returned each case will be analyzed in the principles that have already
returned the only to have one by the will of products and the rest will be
sanctioned okay one last news has now arrived here for me is very good
for whoever and want gun ownership a little bit
cut also two months ago was going out of dawn understood the staff
who is connected to talk on Sunday right now easy right inside stay
the press arrived although there is still a problem yesterday passing there
talking to a guy aside that the 30 there the president has to set fire and what
place, right, I was quiet, are you the one who doesn't respond to
and for two months more or less passing to someone speaking in the audience over there
present here he sneakers a huh so that's it are normative 131 arriving here at
presence of raising that that he and he was this we raised that she them to
director general of the federal police is at the end of december 2018 namely the
tradition, so someone from the stone over there, I'm general in the case, right?
so publishing is just an asset that made it even more difficult to own
of a firearm so it’s asked from the person this from here
the complex legislation and today it was then published and he 174 who hubble to him with
31 i want to see if the next one sees the link to my page soon it's all over
person that everything here right the possession of a firearm that even right
and the exchange of the minister the time for you to prefer or not is a requirement
proposal is a fire that minute three was a third I want a text to the post right
also decreased in the increased and dubbed torrent the dealership crashed but not
it’s a lot that cutting is more complicated because we can’t go any further, right
so then he 174 revoked him 1311 it's on my part it's ending up here heaven and
how to have a person who sends a lot more than me here inside the first lady
right I will ask go until 12 go thanks go ahead thanks a hug then sit down
here with adriana and she will have a message from the first lady regarding
educating homeland and from there it's all right it's just my young man thank you
adult away from maria vitor degree of help thank you tune in there speak to you
listen to the finally in the comments so four educator here in our late
adriana vanessa everyone would like to thank the presidency in
the 30 piece emergency alert cake over the next three days in the
south southeast midwest and north regions of the country at that most important moment is
that everyone prepare for this unusual climate change attention will not be a
common cold mainly for certain locations that are not used
with the sensation of extreme cold the government is already mobilizing the posts to
minimize impact of this advent including public shelters will have their
expanded vacancies to collect people at risk but results
significant only computed with union all sectors of society by
this the civil defense sought our voluntary homeland program and
first lady to collaborate through the support of each of the tests in the
articles me and her don't even protect yourself from the cold you
is able to help someone in a Brazilian who is watching that
can suffer from the cold please donate clothes warm blankets this is a
emergency action enter the voluntary paid platform and find out the points of
collection available and our email also to find other ways to
help and donation we know that Brazilians are a solidary people so we count
with each one of you that god bless our country of our brazil a lot
thank you very much for opening wide until next week rio grande do
you did it only one